chore(changelog): update changelog for v10.1 (#2201)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v10.1.0

#### Bug Fixes
* [2011](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2011) Fix bug in TokenFactory initGenesis, relating to denom creation fee param.

#### Improvements
* [#2130](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2130) Introduce errors in mint types.
* [#2000](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2000) Update import paths from v9 to v10.

#### Golang API breaks
* [#1937](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/1937) Change `lockupKeeper.ExtendLock` to take in lockID instead of the direct lock struct.

> * [#2030](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2030) Rename `lockupKeeper.ResetAllLocks` to `InitializeAllLocks` and `.ResetAllSyntheticLocks` to `InitializeAllSyntheticLocks`.

Author: ```suggestion
* [#2030](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2030) Rename lockup keeper `ResetAllLocks` to `InitializeAllLocks` and `ResetAllSyntheticLocks` to `InitializeAllSyntheticLocks`.
```
